*.id=Unique identifier
*.addby=Added by
*.adddate=Added date
am=Sample
am.esp=Specimen
am.pl=Plant
am.tipo=Type
am.extdate=Extraction date
am.col=Collector
am.loc=Locality
am.tag=Tag
am.dia=Day
am.mes=Month
am.ano=Year
amtipo=Sample type
amtipo.nome=Name/type
bib=Bibliographic references
bib.bibkey=BibKey
bib.tipo=Type
bib.ano=Year
bib.autor=Author
bib.autores=Additional authors
bib.journal=Journal
bib.title=Title
bib.titlebook=Book title
bib.pgs=Page number
bib.vol=Volume
bib.bibrec=BibRec
bibtipo=Type of bib ref
bibtipo.tipo=Name/Type
cfg=Settings
cfg.usr=User
cfg.expfs=Expand fieldsets?
cfg.frmdest=Input form
cfg.corbg=Background color
cfg.corbut=Button colors
cfg.cortit=Title bar color
cfg.corbutbar=Buttons bar color
cfg.cortbh=Table heads color
cfg.cortbo=Table odd lines color
cfg.cortbe=Table even lines color
cfg.corfrm=Forms color
cfg.corschema=Color scheme
cor=Color schemes
cor.nome=Name
cor.bg=Background color
cor.but=Buttons color
cor.tit=Title bar color
cor.butbar=Buttons bar color
cor.tbh=Table heads color
cor.tbo=Table odd lines color
cor.tbe=Table even lines color
cor.frm=Forms color
cor.edt=Editing background color
cor.msgsuc=Success messages color
cor.msgerr=Error messages color
cornome=Color names
cornome.usr=User
cornome.cor=Color code
cornome.nome=Color name
det=Identification
det.fam=Family
det.gen=Genus
det.sp=Species
det.inf=Infra-species
det.doubt=Doubt
det.notes=Notes
det.detby=Identified by
det.data=Date
det.ano=Year
det.mes=Month
det.dia=Day
det.conf=Check
det.modif=Modifier
det.refcol=Reference collector
det.refcolnum=Reference collector number
det.refherb=Reference herbarium
det.refherbnum=Reference herbarium number
det.refdetby=Reference identified by
det.refdata=Reference date
det.refano=Reference year
det.refmes=Reference month
det.refdia=Reference day
det.tax=Taxon
det.sugest=Suggestion?
dwh=Data Warehouse (Backup)
dwh.tab=Table
dwh.col=Column
dwh.val=Valeu
dwh.tabid=Table ID
esp=Specimens
esp.addcol=Additional collectors
esp.alt=Altitude
esp.ano=Year
esp.col=Collector
esp.country=Country
esp.dia=Day
esp.det=Identification
esp.filtros=Filters
esp.gaz=Gazetteer
esp.gps=GPS
esp.hab=Habitat
esp.herb=Herbarium
esp.inpa=Herbárium number
esp.lat=Latitude
esp.lon=Longitude
esp.mes=Month
esp.mun=Minorarea
esp.num=Collector number
esp.pl=Tagged plant
esp.prj=Project
esp.prov=Majorarea
esp.sufix=Sufix
esp.verns=Vernacular
esp.loc=Locality
espcols=Specimen collectors
espcols.esp=Specimens
espcols.col=Collectors
espcols.ordem=Order
espherb=Specimen Herbaria
espherb.esp=Specimen
espherb.herb=Herbarium
espherb.tomb=Herbarium number
espvern=Specimen vernaculars
espvern.esp=Specimen
espvern.vern=Vernacular
frm=Forms
frm.nome=Name
frm.fields=Fields
frm.shared=Shared
frm.hab=Habitat form?
frmf=Form fields
frmf.frm=Form
frmf.field=Field
frmf.ordem=Order
frmf.grp=Group
grp=Groups
grp.nome=Name
grpusr=Group users
grpusr.grp=Group
grpusr.usr=User
grpusr.acesso=Access level
hab=Habitat
hab.nome=Name
hab.pai=Parent-habitat
hab.nomepath=Complete name
hab.sppids=Present taxa
hab.loc=Locality
hab.gpsid=GPS
hab.tipo=Type
hab.descr=Description
habtax=Present taxa
habtax.hab=Habitat
habtax.tax=Taxon
herb=Herbaria
herb.sigla=Accronym
herb.nome=Name
herb.curad=Curator
herb.ender=Address
herb.fone=Telephone
herb.url=URL
herb.email=E-mail
img=Images
img.filename=File name
img.w=Width in pixels
img.h=Height in pixels
imgitem=Linked items
imgitem.tab=Table
imgitem.tabid=Table ID
imgitem.imgid=Image ID
key=Variables
key.keywords=Keywords
key.multiselect=Multiple selection?
key.pai=Parent variable
key.pathname=Complete name
key.def=Definition
key.nome=Name
key.tipo=Type
key.unit=Unit
keytipo=Variable types
keytipo.tipo=Type
keytipo.tabela=Table
lang=Languages
lang.nome=Name
lang.sigla=Code
loc=Localities
loc.nome=Name
loc.sigla=Code
loc.tipo=Type
loc.lat=Latitude
loc.lon=Longitude
loc.datum=Datum
loc.utmn=UTM-Northing
loc.utme=UTM-Easting
loc.utmz=UTM-Zone
loc.startx=Position X
loc.starty=Position Y
loc.dimx=Dimension X
loc.dimy=DimensionY
loc.dimdiameter=Diameter
loc.oldcid=Country
loc.oldprid=Majorarea
loc.oldmunid=Minorarea
loc.oldgazid=Gazetteer
loc.alt1=Altitude/Altitude minimum
loc.alt2=Altitude maximum
locpai=Parent-locality
locpai.pai=Parent-locality
locpai.loc=Child-locality
loctipo=Locality types
loctipo.tipo=Name/Type
login_attempts=Login attempts
login_attempts.usr=User
login_attempts.hora=Time
msg=Messages
msg.msg=Messages
msg.thread=Talk
msg.lida=Read?
msg.msgfrom=Sender
msg.msgto=Reciever
msg.url=URL
pess=People
pess.prenome=First name
pess.sobrenome=Last name
pess.segundonome=Middle names
pess.email=E-mail
pess.notas=Notes
pess.abrev=Abbreviation
pl=Plants
pl.det=Identification
pl.filtros=Filters
pl.gaz=Gazetteer
pl.hab=Habitat
pl.lado=Trail side
pl.lat=Latitude
pl.lon=Longitude
pl.pltag=Tag
pl.prj=Project
pl.x=Position X
pl.y=Position Y
pl.loc=Locality
pl.col=Collector/Tagger
pl.num=Collector number
pl.ano=Year
pl.dia=Day
pl.mes=Month
pl.alt=Altitude
plcols=Collectors/Taggers
plcols.pl=Plant
plcols.col=Collector/Tagger
plcols.ordem=Order
plesp=Plant specimens
plesp.pl=Plant
plesp.esp=Specimen
poss=Possible values
poss.key=Variable
poss.val=Value
prj=Project
prj.nome=Name
prj.url=URL
prj.financ=Funding
prj.procs=Processes
prj.logo=Logo
prj.equipe=Team
prj.morffrm=Morphology form
prj.habfrm=Habitat form
prjpess=People in project
prjpess.prj=Project
prjpess.pess=Person
prjpess.ordem=Order
ranks=Taxonomic ranking
ranks.nome=Name/Rank
relat=Reports
relat.nome=Name
relatf=Report fields
relatf.relat=Report
relatf.tipo=Type
relatf.val=Value
relatf.n=Bold
relatf.i=Italics
relatf.s=Underline
relatf.cas=Upper-case
relatf.tnum=Numeric grouping
relatf.grp=Group
relatf.ordem=Order
relatf.shown=Show N?
tax=Taxa
tax.nome=Name/Taxon
tax.rank=Rank
tax.taxpai=Parent-taxon
tax.aut=Author (link)
tax.ano=Year
tax.valido=Valid
tax.sinonvalid=Valid sinonym
tax.oldfam=Family
tax.oldgen=Genus
tax.oldsp=Species
tax.oldinf=Infra-species
tax.idadecrown=Crown age
tax.espec=Specialist
tax.public=Published?
tax.bib=Bib reference (link)
tax.morf=Morphotype?
tax.idadestem=Stem age
tax.bibtext=Bib reference  (texto)
tax.reposid=ID Nomenclatural Repository
tax.repos=Nomenclatural Repository Name
tax.auttxt=Author (texto)
tax.nesp=Specimen number
tax.npl=Number of plants
taxespec=Taxon experts
taxespec.tax=Taxon
taxespec.espec=Expert
taxespec.ordem=Order
taxsin=Taxon synonym
taxsin.tax=Taxon
taxsin.sin=Synonym
usr=Users
usr.namef=First name
usr.namel=Last name
usr.username=User name
usr.pwd=Password
usr.pess=Person
usr.email=E-mail
usr.accesslevel=Access level
usr.salt=Criptography code
val=Possible values
val.multiselect=Multipe selection
val.pathname=Complete name
val.valdef=Definition
val.valname=Name
var=Selected values
var.oldmonitid=Monitoring ID
var.oldhabitid=Habitat ID
var.bib=Bib reference
var.censo=Census
var.datavar=Measurement date
var.esp=Specimen
var.hab=Habitat
var.pl=Plant
var.key=Variable
var.val=Integer value
var.valf=Real value
var.valt=Text value
var.loc=Locality
var.tax=Taxon
var.unit=Unit
var.amostra=Sample
var.ordem=Order
varunit=Value unit
varunit.unit=Unit
vern=Vernaculars
vern.nome=Name
vern.lang=Language
vern.def=Definição
vern.ref=Referência bibliográfica
